# deCarbon Protocol
---------------
## Problems we see :

Climate change challenges are prominent in the 21st century, prompting the need for ESG-aligned investments. Transparently measuring carbon footprint, even in emerging technologies like smart contracts, is vital. Accurate assessment of greenhouse gas emissions, including those from internet activities, is essential for initiatives like carbon credit purchases, enabling a more sustainable future.
## Solution we provide: 

Our solution leverages blockchain's network to estimate carbon emissions produced by smart contracts' activities, enabling end-users (green engneer and ESG-decision maker to make informed decisions and drive eco-conscious practices.

## Proof of concept 
In our proof of concept version, we have built a process to, calculate carbon emission data from smart contract addresses. Through a user-friendly interface, stakeholders can access detailed carbon footprint insights generated by their smart contract activities. These insights are visualized through interactive graphs and charts, providing a clear understanding of the environmental consequences of each addresses.


This data is then securely stored in a dedicated database,  where it can be further distributed to all ESG stakeholder via dataconnector or visualization tools. An demo usecase is built on PowerBI to demonstrate how users can be empowered to make informed decisions when it's coming to choosing energy-efficient execution options or optimizing resource allocation.
